was started.
Obviously, this is going to be a piece about your son.
I know there was some anxiety on the part of the staff that I would feature this entire story on you, and really don't worry about that.
Your son is obviously running for the presidency, but clearly you are the head of the family, the matriarch.
I would just love to know what your thoughts were
on that night in Atlanta when your son made that extraordinary acceptance speech?
Well, in the first place, up to that time, up to the current of the starting of the convention, somehow it seemed I did everything that was required of me and that I could every single day and faced it every day.
Somehow the whole idea was so awesome that I couldn't handle it.
And then I attended the first night, that Monday night was it, or Tuesday night, when Mr. Jackson spoke.
And I went in that hall, and we were placed up in the balcony, inside the whole family and friends.
And I looked at Pat, and it suddenly struck me.
This is the real thing.
I had not conceived it somehow.
The conception of it was so tremendous.
I hadn't really done it before.
And then I realized that that was what Michael was.
It's strange, isn't it?
But it's true.
And it's really so awesome that I couldn't possibly be in the old sense of thinking.
As far as the speech is concerned, I really, I have to be truthful.
Where we were sitting, we were on the balcony to the right of the speaker.
But we did have a screen to look at, but it just sort of, we were too close to it.
I could hear Michael, but I couldn't see him very well.
He was in profile.
And then we were told to move, to go, to be ready, to go behind you, stand behind the platform.
so that we could, when the time came, each one of us could be presented.
So I really didn't hear the speech very much, but I had the opportunity two summers ago to hear it at my niece's house.
She and Bill had taped it, and then I caught the fool.
And I thought, first of all, this was a very fine speech.
It was received so well.
Were you anxious about how it might have been received?
No, no, no, I've never been anxious.
I just asked about Michael.
He seems to do things, has done things all his life, it seems to me.
And all rise to the occasion as well.
And he did, and of course, that he did.
It was the time to do so.
And he did, and the people, the audience, his audience received it in that way.
I don't mean to be overly sentimental, but what do you think your husband might have felt that night?
Just what Michael would have said.
I, too, obviously.
He, too, would have said what he used to say when Michael would come home with an A card all the time, and yet he would be so busy, constantly busy with his athletics, with his class politics, with his activities, the band, the orchestra.
He would come home, you see, late and have a purried supper and then he'd go upstairs to his room and proceed to do his homework.
And then he'd finish that and they would hear him tooting on his trumpet.
And that was the routine.
And there'd be a report card who'd come and my husband would say, oh, that's what he did.
Because my husband...
He had to concentrate so much.
But he was an achiever as well.
He was, but he came with so many things against him.
He had to work very hard in order to physically earn money and also to work.
In eight years, my husband, in the time that he came, in eight years,
in Harvard Medical School.
It's quite extraordinary.
Your son has used the quote a number of times, so much has been given to you, so much is expected of you.
Yes, but we didn't.
He's used that quote because we had used it, but it wasn't something that we were always driving.
It was something that we all said.
They knew the history behind their family.
And it had been told, and it was used as a stick over their heads, you'd think so, by all the reports that are given in the newspapers and magazines.
How do you feel about all these reports?
Do you think that there is kind of a mythology building up?
Oh, tremendous, tremendous.
I read just a little article in that.
in a sign magazine, and I tried to remember our family as being what he said it was.
I'm not familiar with that piece.
What is it that he suggested?
And so much of these people, as if we were immigrants, and we were driving, driving, driving.
And it wasn't so at all.
Fortunately, both my husband and I were blessed with good families, with supportive families.
We were blessed with fairly decent brains, learning brains.
And we did well in school, because it was in our nature to do well.
We had, you know, we learned very easily, and the thought and everything, we were very active always.
But there certainly were qualities, however, perhaps subtle.
There was no drive to achieve.
We had a plan for life we wanted to do, naturally.
If I finished drama school well, I wanted to go to high school, and I was in that generation, but could.
My sisters came when one was 14, 16, I don't know what, and the other one 18 years old.
And they went into factories, but we were my youngest sister and I. I was nine, and she was five and a half.
I don't know that we would have, had we been of that age, we would have gone into the factory because we were immigrants, poor immigrants.
My grandparents came over at approximately the same time, maybe perhaps a little earlier, and worked at the mills in Lowell, by the way.
Yes, exactly.
But we ourselves were not, my sister and I were too young to work in the factory, so we went to school, and we did well.
We were good learners.
And because we were among the early immigrants, we got the attention of our teachers and our whole principal.
And in that way, that was all.
Of course, we were helped all as long as we could.
Years after that, a great many immigrants came.
It wasn't a very unusual thing to have a little immigrant girl with two big, thick braids of black hair down the back and who was kind of bright and learned very quickly and was interested in everything.
Mr. Gray used to say, you're not a prodigy, you interpret, but you're certainly anything I've given you, anything I've suggested.
You have, you know, I was, I'd gobbled down by you.
You still think of him as Mr. Gray.
Oh, yes.
And, you know, I just was delighted to read anything that he suggested, to take part in anything of that word, that sort of thing.
Well, when I spoke with your son, he is so committed to education, and I believe, and this again is, of course.
It's a legacy that he's received from you and your husband.
You know from your background yourself that Greek people are so imbued with that desire for knowledge and for education that every simple man would work hard to have his son, in those days his son, and now his daughters also would go into a professional career.
It's the unusual family, as you know, that does not.
It's one child, at least in the family, to rise above the factor of a liberal.
When I interviewed Governor Dukakis last summer, I asked him about the perceptions then that might perhaps occur about his being perhaps a liberal or too liberal or whatever.
And he discussed, why are labels?
And he said that one thing his father always said to him growing up was, , which is .
And he said, that is not a liberal notion, that's a conservative notion.
Well, another thing.
You know, you young people who have grown up in this generation, you don't know what the other generations went through.
It was not an unusual thing right here in Brookline for families
Mothers to watch out of prices, to take care of the money in the family.
Women always tried to get their clothes, good clothes, but they haunted the basement in order to get good bargains there, as they used to in those days.
You don't so much anymore, but you did.
Where the Neiman Marcus, the other large, beautiful people who
sold in their own stores and beautiful things and expensive things, then the basement would buy what was left over.
And you'd see the women in Brooklyn would stand outside waiting to get in there in order to get those bags in.
And it was so.
It was that generation.
We did save.
We did try to do as well as we could.
But now,
All you young people have charge cards.
That's a mistake to use them.
And use them, and use them.
And when I hear Mr. Bush saying, you know, the country's doing so well.
What's the country doing well?
Freedom's in deficit.
Our export-import is not a balance, which is gone.
And where is it?
How can you say that?
People are living on debt.
Is that the way for a country to live?
You mentioned Mr. Bush.
There are suggestions, certainly by his behavior in the last week, that this might be a vicious kind of a campaign, certainly from his
Do you have any fear about this or any anxiety?
No, I have no fear about it.
No, I have no fear, but I do think that he has started very, very badly.
Do you think he's trying to draw Michael into some nastiness?
Well, he will.
He will not into nastiness.
I don't think Michael will sit low like that, but I think that Michael will give him a good length of sanity.
I wonder the attraction to politics.
I've read several biographies that have been written about him.
Apparently he has always demonstrated an interest in public service.
Politics, sir, comes from the word polis in Greek, which means a city.
Right.
Which means that which concerns a city.
And politics concerns a city.
Yet to no Greek who wasn't interested in politics, even the simplest present of Greece.
That's a wonderful statement.
You put two Greeks together and you get three political parties.
Exactly.
But did it surprise you that he would be attracted to politics?
Would you have preferred that he, for instance, be a physician like his father?
I'm terribly hot.
Let's go in and turn on the air.
Okay.
We're talking about his attraction to public life.
Yes, well, another thing, my brother, Nicholas, who was also his godfather, was very much interested in politics, and Michael would spend some of his vacation there with his uncle and his nono, and a godfather, and they were very close friends.
And I remember they'd be out in Nick's garden, and they would talk and talk, and that was a good time of the Franklin Roosevelt and all that.
Well, my brother had been a Republican to start out with, as employees always follow, you know, the employer, and he was a factory hand.
But the terrible depression we had in 1929, which hit my family quite badly, my new brother, though they worked it out all right, fortunately, we began to think otherwise, and we became a great follower of Franklin Roosevelt.
I don't know if you saw the piece in the New York Times yesterday, a big opinion piece that suggested that Dr. Dukakis is working very diligently at projecting warmth.
I wonder if this is kind of a misconception.
Perhaps the American people are just starting to see what's there.
I wonder if you could talk about it.
I remember one day of a
A woman met a friend whom I knew through the lead open the door, just came here for something, and I don't remember what it was, and she saw all the cartoons on the door of my refrigerator, and I had my golden board without clippings and photographs.
When she began to shake her head, we who have known Michael for so many, many years can't
can see why these people think Michael is cold and not that.
You know, it's just a question of knowing people like that.
And it takes time.
I think a number of other commentators have said that the effect that W. Dupakis has is that
You get to know him after a while.
Maybe he grinds you down, but he becomes familiar.
He doesn't wear his heart on his sleeve, you know, and talk a great deal about his feelings, but then neither does his father.
Do you give him advice?
Does he ask?
I don't mean political advice.
He doesn't ask, and I don't give it.
I ask for advice for myself in my own life at times, so there's needed advice.
It said that he calls you every day, right?
Oh, yes.
And this is, I gather, a personal call.
No, it isn't every day, but every other day, particularly since he goes away, you see, so much.
He called me last night, told me that he was leaving this morning.
I like to keep in touch, but I don't demand it.
But that's, again, the family values.
It's not a question of demanding, it's a question of doing, I suppose, good stuff.
Is there poetry in Michael Dukakis?
That was another word that we heard prior to the convention with the Jesse Jackson speech, and then we'll hear poetry from Jackson, but will we hear it in Dukakis?
No, I don't know.
I think we did, by the way.
Let me answer my own question.
What is poetry?
What is poetry, right.
One English major to another.
I guess you have been quoted as to, you know, what you see is what you get, I believe.
Whether it's poetry or poetry.
Whatever it is, I think Michael would use poetry when he needed it, and prose and so forth.
Aren't we all a mixture of both?
There's a lot of talk that women will elect an ex-president, that he's going to put quotes around that the gender gap is certainly...
I think that Michael has employed many, many women in his staff.
Not many, many, I can't say that, of course.
I think women, the women that I've talked to, people I work with and people that I've talked to casually, seem to see qualities in him that they can trust.
Maybe I'm really searching here.
I think that could be so, because Michael is that great.
values and basic values, and he's also a realist, too, and he tells the truth.
There's nothing ironic about him.
What do you think the American people will see in the case when he and Vice President Bush finally
Well, I think one thing is ability.
Michael's brains, and also in many ways, articulately.
I wonder if Mr. Bush could get away from the text when it comes to keeping it.
Once you write in a debate, you may have a text that you read, and then comes the argument.
Then, what do they do?
That will be very interesting to see.
Well, I heard Mr. Butch after his remarks on what Michael did about his speeches, except yes, he had so terrible what he was trying to say.
He didn't have a piece of paper like Mr. Reagan is the same way.
Which, this is just my own observation, I'm sure that I will comment.
I have to be very cynical about that.
Certainly, I am too.
I am too.
He wanted to implant an idea.
And he wanted to make a national story out of a rumor.
Exactly, that's what it was.
I got very angry about that myself.
They put an idea, and the public wanted to put an idea.
And then they had to cover it, and then the National Press had to cover it because the President of the United States had made a comment.
And then I was particularly upset by Bush's use the other day, a card-carrying member of the American Civil Rights.
I mean, that's a very pejorative phrase.
That's a Joe McCarthy phrase.
But does Michael carry a card that identifies him as a member of that organization?
I would ask him that question.
Of course, you know who a card-carrying person is.
That goes back to Joe McCarthy.
So again, he was trying to implant...
Exactly.
A connection.
Yeah, sure.
Period.
The American Civil Services Union is bad.
But I think what this implies also is that maybe they don't have anything to grab onto, and maybe there's a sense of desperation here as well.
Is it something that, again, I'm commenting here.
How is this Greek, by the way?
Very good, considering that he was born and brought up here.
Because both boys were...
They were completely bilingual when they were little.
We had grandmother living with us, and she spoke her English.
She didn't understand it.
So they had to speak with her.
Not only did she speak to them, but they had to speak Greek to her, you see.
And that way they learned.
They went outside.
And we spoke Greek at home then because we had grandmother with me.
But unfortunately she died very soon after we moved into this house.
Then it was very difficult, because both my husband and I had grown up here, and English was the language of everybody else, and it wasn't easy.
I tried it.
We tried to speak Greek to our children.
But once children realize that the person to whom they address a question or say something understands English, will use English.
I've read it suggested, I can't nail it down, I wonder if you know that when he's with Nick Metropolis and Paul Quintus,
If they don't want anybody else to know what they're talking about, they speak Greek.
Don't we all do that?
Is that true?
Don't you do that?
Yes, it's wonderful.
Doesn't anybody do without two languages?
I love it.
When I heard that, I said, I've got to get a confirmation on that because it's so true, especially with parents, with children, that you don't want the children to know what you're talking about.
You go to the common language.
If you have another language that they want to read.
My friends, all my women friends and I, speaking this all the time, put us somewhere with a non-Greek, and let's speak Greek, each other a little bit.
I have Armenian friends, and without their religion, that's a very rude thing to do.
It's all right if you're among many people, because they won't hear you, but we were actually with two or three people, and with my Armenian friends,
That's what I realized, yes I did.
But is that true, that when he's with the Trumpehlyphs, occasionally they might just jab her back and forth?
They don't discuss things.
Oh, I'm sure.
Just little remarks.
They can't discuss in Greek.
None of them.
None of them know Greek well enough to discuss it.
What do you think he learned most from his loss in 1978?
You saw him on a personal basis?
I mean, it was a public defeat.
I think those of us who felt for him personally as well as politically for the state, I wonder what he learned from that.
If you're intelligent, you learn from experience, don't you?
It is the unintelligent person or the person who will not face himself and face a situation in reality who does not learn from experience.
And Michael did.
It's just that way.
How?
Like all of us.
If I fail in something I've undertaken, if I'm a person with brains and intelligence, I'm a student, and I get a B or a C or a D in a chord.
Oh, you never got a B or a C. You know why you did it.
Oh, at least.
Either you're not interested in the subject, or else you have been doing your homework.
And Michael, this is fine, but where in did he fail?
Of course, I think a great part of it was that one of the things that was a failure in that case was among those who were the heads of the party who thought that they knew politics.
And they talked against him.
They debated against him.
I heard them doing this.
But they never thought that Michael was going to lose.
They just wanted to teach him a lesson.
And they taught themselves a lesson, along with Michael.
Michael did not.
The thing that was, in my mind, the thing that was where Michael and his co-workers failed was that they took too much to grab it.
And in the political game, you cannot take anything.
He's been quoted, and I love the quote of his.
I'm an obsessive baseball fan, too.
He said, well, in 1978, I was 20 points ahead, and the Yankees were 14 games behind the Red Sox, and then we both lost.
And there's something to be learned from that.
Never take anything for granted.
We don't take anything for granted.
And that is why Michael has helped an organization in his campaigns, as he has said.
Apparently, prior to this,
I certainly know that you used to great effect a campaign spot, focusing on your husband's home in Lowell.
They call it the Zorba Ag.
But it is felt that really, right prior to this campaign for the presidency, has he focused so much on his ethnicity.
Is this true, or if so, if it is true, why do you think that is?
Well, first of all, he's older, and he's running a national campaign.
And that has been a big part of his life.
And if there's something which is true, then why not publicize it?
Because so many, many people are in exactly the same situation.
It's not necessary to be Greek.
It's what we are.
But it is true that he's the first generation to run for president.
No one has ever done it before.
First generation.
And that's a big thing, is it not?
They say that when he is elected, I put it in the magazine.
In fact, I've told this magazine I'll be happy to cover the inauguration for him.
And I just assume that he's going to win.
But he will be the first president whose parents were born in another country since Andrew Jackson, whose parents, I guess, were born in England.
And that's 18.
Isn't that noteworthy?
And shouldn't the reason for that background to be publicized?
What was he going to do, keep it hidden or take pride in it?
Well, it certainly says something about the country too, doesn't it?
It does, exactly.
That it is happening.
And it is remarkable that so many people have identified
As I said, there was a meeting of the Democratic National, or International Association, and there were representatives, Mr. Papugas, the Ambassador of Greece was there, Mrs. Truman also was there, the President, the Ambassador of Cyprus was there.
And there were representatives from all over the world, and that made them so I took about 400 people.
And I said at the time, you are seeing democracy in action, American style.
The whole thing, this convention, starting with the candidates, there was a black man running for press, and he was a first generation American.
Isn't it remarkable?
Shouldn't that be publicized?
Has he changed in the 18 months since he began running for the presidency?
He seemed so cool.
I mean, even when he was practicing, they had some clips in Atlanta on television.
He was trying out the mics.
He didn't even seem slightly nervous at all.
His father was cool.
So you have not seen any changes?
What do you foresee for a two-packed presidency?
They come to have dinner here, and I go to the house.
Everything is as it always works.
That's another thing, another point I'd like to get a comment on, because I remember when he was interviewed by Dan, rather, the night prior to the convention, and he said, if my kids were still in high school, I wouldn't be running for the presidency, because now they're out of the house, so to speak.
And I mean, my commitment to my family comes first.
And I hate to say that this is a Greek quality because I think it's universal.
It's universal.
But nevertheless, it does point out the genuineness of his feelings for family values.
When Cotta had come and the people were talking about he was possibly becoming a member of Mr. Cotta's cabinet, let go of that.
Because?
Why is that?
First of all, the children were little, and also his father was out there.
His father was coming in.
You saw that too with Paul Songhus.
I mean, not that at this point, but when he found out that he was not well, the family came first.
Well, that was, and of course, he realized that he captured his biggest interest from then on was to keep his health, for the sake of not only himself, but his family.
And he couldn't have done that if he were to work for him as a senator.
It is said, and I know we're kind of running out of time on this.
I'll ask one or two more.
It's said that even when he was in Swarthmore, at Swarthmore, that his greatest ambition was to be the governor of Massachusetts.
Both my friends love Massachusetts and Boston.
I didn't know about that.
ever entered your mind that one day your son would be running for president of the United States?
That must be a pretty humbling thought.
I was in New Hampshire, in Harrisville, where the Cheshire County of the Democratic Counting Committee has its annual barbecuing and meeting.
And I was invited to go there and left their parents, nice and cool.
And I said, you know, just like I got in my wildest dreams, you know, they were very excited.
It's a great quote to close on, and I will ask you one more.
What makes a person want to be President of the United States to suit this position of such awesome responsibility?
I don't know, but there's a select few.
Fortunately, we have a few that do.
How could we have a person for those people who were relating to rights?
and felt that they were capable, and had gone through the process.
Nobody gets up to life in one way, like Mr. Jackson.
I won't use that.
But it's a very, very special person who will go through the process of politics, of serving from one process to another.
It's a step-by-step.
And learning as we go.
And learning as we go along, and finding, finally finding that
Well, maybe I can do this.
That's a great one to end on, isn't it?
Thank you.
May I take one or two pictures?
Good.
Thank you.
What am I home here?
Yeah.
Was the deed the first thing you tried to cover?
I didn't, but I didn't.
So was that the first thing you tried to cover?
Yeah.
I have a lot of practice books.
That was another practice book.
But it was, too.
I really would like to have had it a little longer.
And so when it's out there, I'd like to have a little bit longer.
But, um, there we are.
What do you do with general practice?
Oh, yeah, practice.
When do you start writing?
I always like to pretend.
Always have to pretend a lot.
I always know if they're good at school and, um,
I'd like to come home and pretend it was there I was.
And then, you know, I can't spot it all, you know, it's a little flash of questions, it's fun to come with us, you know, the tolerance, you know, like, you know, she's Thunder Cloud, and then I would make, like, theatrical productions with them.
And then, little love stories.
Yeah, well, I've been in Toronto.
You know, what's left is basically got him.
I don't want him to do this.
I also had pretty much my physical picture, the way he was left in my mind, and painted his picture so much.
He can't look like that.
And he did.
Back.
Yes?
Are you ever completely silent now?
Is anything you've written?
No.
I might be if I had one more time with it.
I think it didn't make it.
It wasn't my publishers that made it.
I didn't make it.
Oh, well, it kind of meshed together.
Like, you know, one was from beginning to end 15 years ago and beginning to end about 10 years.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Who was the friend who made you sing about?
Madison.
Mark Bell.
One more question?
What question was that?
S-P-O-N-E
It's called the OAN Street.
And where is it?
It's a warm campus of the University of Southern Maine.
I heard it preach.
I was dreading coming out here.
I mean, dreading.
All kinds of folks that have to change in 20 the day, you know, the first step class.
That's great.
It's good weather.
And I got to hear back in Maine.
It's 90 degrees.
I love Justin.
But I normally do.
You only get one of those made.
Thank you, Harriet.
This is pretty scary for me.
I've never written a book before, although there was one written allegedly by me in 1945 by the publisher of the book magazine called My Young Life.
But I barely paid the attention to that at the time and didn't get along well with the lady who was writing it.
This is the third time, so I am a little bit apprehensive, but I'm proud of my life.
It's been fabulous.
I wrote it initially, and I'm sure this is a question that is usually asked.
I think it's a celebrity.
I wrote it for my family.
I think that's the answer that all celebrities need to give, but it happens to be true, I think.
And as I got into it, it was such an interesting life.
But I thought, I think I'd better share it, because I'm very lucky to have such a long life.
The people that helped to shape me from before I was a child of 13 years is primarily my mother.
And my mother was not only my best friend,
But we had a very unusual friendship.
And a lot of this book, I think the thread of this book, describes my growing up with my mother and how we shared everything.
We had a very close family relationship.
The other main reason I wanted to choose my daughter was that there's been about 12
written about me, and thousands of interviews over the years.
And everything is kind of worn-and-over, third-party material, and the only ones who live in this story are meaning.
So that's one of the main reasons that I'm sharing with.
To show an example of this, as many of you
or I don't see anyone my age, but those of you look good.
I was very protective at 20th Century Fox Studios.
When I left there, the next studio I went to was MGM.
And the first day I went to MGM, I was summoned into a very important producer's office.
My mother, who usually went with me on all these things, was summoned to Louis D. Mayer's office.
So we had separate meetings.
I was very alert and 12 and looked at the producer and he seemed to be rearranging his clothing with a certain amount of flourish.
And he stood up and said, you're going to be
my next big star.
Well, I thought he was a producer.
What he really was was an exhibitor.
Now, being 12 years old, the only naked person I'd ever seen was me.
And I thought he was awfully friendly with me.
So I left.
And I left very, I mean, I had tears.
And I think it was lucky I did, because it enraged him.
And he said, get out of here, get out of here.
And so I went.
I didn't get that part, for which I'm very grateful.
I got to the place where I was going to meet my mother, which was at the bottom of the stairs.
She said she was building.
And she was very quiet.
And I was very quiet.
We got in the car, and she started driving home.
I said, Mother, I've got to tell you about that one in the car.
To me.
And she was amazing.
It was strange.
She didn't get very upset.
I thought she would be frantic and angry and go back and punch her mouth.
But she didn't.
didn't hear what almost happened to me.
Louis B. Mayer had her sit on the couch with him, and he said, you shouldn't just be Shirley's mama.
You should be a big star.
So both of them slunked our first day at MGM very badly.
And it kind of shows the development of a child.
This book goes through all of these
in a little girl's life, and up to my unfortunate first marriage, although I have a beautiful daughter in my marriage, and that through World War II would be my very happy marriage to my healthy child's wife.
And I think before that,
something comes and pulls you away.
One more thing.
The best friend I had in the business was Phil Robinson, like a personal friend and someone I lived here.
And role models were Amelia Earhart and Eleanor Roosevelt.
And the major crush of my life is a little girl, J.H.R.
Hoover.
Well, down the right side of the line.
But I would like to ask you a question.
Now, I hope you like the book.
It's my pleasure to do it, and I'm exhausted.
Are there any villains in the book?
Yes.
Who are there?
I don't think villains quite the right word.
I waited until now to write the book so that I wouldn't overly inflame or annoy people who are not there.
But there are things.
I want you to read the book.
I'm sorry.
There's one gentleman in Belgium who's been writing to me since about 1938.
He wrote me all through the war and all the terrible things that happened with his family.
And I was in Brussels about five years ago at a NATO briefing conference and called him on his phone.
And he brought his wife down to the hotel the next morning.
And it's one of the few fans who've written me that long that I actually met.
And he's right, because the same experience that he mentioned
Sometimes we feel terrible in the real world, but we try to go and speak with, I guess, me, Rin Tin Tin, and ring milk.
Mrs. Black, the press material we've had is very brief.
It seems like there's going to be some revelations, if you don't mind the word, and also you've mentioned that the murder was sent against you.
We haven't had a chance to read your book, can you show us a brief?
My life had a lot of stress.
They weren't printed at the time, because they thought that might stimulate more stress.
But there were quite a few.
This was during a radio program.
And I was about 11.
And
Before I did the radio program, which was live, I looked at the dressing ring at CPS Radio in Hollywood, and there was a woman searching the window.
And she had a very lean look on her face.
So my mother was fooling with her hair, which was usual.
And I suppose I wouldn't do anything.
You know, she called the police.
The woman looked so angry, and she was shaking her fist at me at the window.
So I get up on the stage, I start singing, someday you'll find your bluebird.
And she was about as far away as the lady in the red shirt, about 12 feet, 15 feet.
The police were coming down the aisle.
They had called the FBI, even though there wasn't a kidnapping trip.
A lot of people were coming down the aisle with trench coats and assholes.
And I'm trying to say, well, there's a fighting over here.
There's here.
And she pulled out a rather sweet gun.
And she started to find it.
And the men came up to the side.
They threw up my elbows and carried her out.
end the story, she felt that her daughter, who was born